tweeting any old folks we still wet
you can see the
truly love a madam
from the chapel
your popsicle to show you never can tell
- robot sale
the team it is
Jinja
money coming
sad
cause I sure you never can tell
let it
hockey's
but we know
the temple of a music
Celebes as you
also sure you never get
it was a charity
the air was weighted to the lovely
Mademoiselle
also show you
close we share
the chapel
say
I'll show you never
those who show you never can
hi today's discourse and a V baby
coral-y by Jo Thomason Szymanski and
John Robinson it's a service to come
forward beginner level ideas there is no
Takanori stars in these days
season 1 starting with your right foot
step right foot to right side and back
hip - right hold stay left foot to left
side and back hip to left hold bound hip
to right hold bang hit to left hold for
this section you can also change pump to
a 2 pound pound pound pound pound right
right left left session to here switch
touch here for together touch here for
together touch a heel forward together
touch your heel forward together session
3 4 one last step with a brush for lock
for brush for luck full brush session
for step forward hold colleton left hold
stomp stomp clap ok that's the whole
dance now let me show you the count 5 6
7 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 T that's the
whole dance I hope you enjoy thank you
for watching